his god lives who is taken away my
justice and the Almighty who has made my
soul bitter as long as my breath is in
me and the breath of God is in my
nostrils my lips will not speak
wickedness nor my tongue utter deceit
far be it from me that I should say you
are right till I die I will not put away
my integrity from me my righteousness I
hold fast and will not let it go my
heart shall not reproach me as long as I
live may my anim be like the wicked and
he who rises up against me like the
unrighteous for what is the hope of the
hypocrite
though he may gain much if God takes
away his life will God hear his cry when
trouble comes upon him will he delight
himself in the Almighty well he always
call on God I will teach you about the
hand of God what is with the Almighty
I will not conceal surely all of you
have seen it why then do you behave with
complete nonsense this is the portion of
a wicked man with God and the heritage
of oppressors received from the Almighty
if his children are multiplied it is for
the sword and his offspring shall not be
satisfied with bread those who survive
him shall be buried in death and their
widows shall not weep though he heaps of
silver like dust and piles of clothing
like clay he may pile it up but the just
will wear it and the innocent will
divide the silver he built his house
like a moth like a booth which a
watchman makes the rich man will lie
down but not be gathered up he opens his
eyes and he is no more
taras overtake him like a flood a
tempest steals him away in the night the
east wind carries him away and he is
gone it sweeps him out of his place it
hurls against him and does not spare he
flees desperately from its power men
shall clap their hands at him and shall
hiss him out of his place
you